number one is oats oats are good for all
skin types but are especially good for
sensitive simply grind your oats in a
coffee grinder to a fine powder then add
some of your oat mixture to your hands
with a little bit of water and make a
lovely creamy paste add a little more
and massage into your skin for a gentle
cleanse and a mild exfoli to is organic
tahini now any nut butter could also
work but sesame tahini is made from
sesame seeds and sesame seed oil just
make sure that it's pure and the only
ingredient in this is organic sesame
seeds and this is a perfect cleanser for
those with dry skin
when mixed in the palm of your hand with
a little water this sesame tahini
becomes a very creamy and moisturizing
facial wash and it also modely
exfoliates just look how creamy that is
number three is oil
different types of oils can be used
depending on your skin type and yes oil
cleansing is even great for acne prone
skin you may want to use a coconut oil I
like to use olive oil so - oil cleanse
your skin all you do massage a little
oil into your skin then wet your face
cloth with warm water and be sure to use
an old face cloth because the oil
cleansing method will get oil stains on
your cloth then place the warm cloth
over your face hold it there for a few
minutes and wipe the excess oil away
number four is flax seeds flax seeds are
very good for all skin type they have
moisturizing properties and they also
have skin tightening properties you
simply grind them in the coffee grinder
once you have a fine flex meal like this
and you can use golden or regular brown
flexi to add water stir and wait for it
to gel once has become a nice thick
jelly take this and massage it in
circular motions on your skin feel free
to leave it on like a mask for a few
minutes and then rinse clean and your
skin will feel fresh tightened and
hydrated and number five is cane sugar
if you need extra exfoliating cane sugar
is a great simple ingredient you can use
to exfoliate your skin
add some cane sugar to the palm of your
hand and then dampen it with a little
water and you can start massaging it
into your face and your lips and it's
wonderful for exfoliating any part of
your body if you need extra moisturizing
properties along with the exfoliating
properties you can add a little oil of
your choice to the palm of your hand and
then adding your cane sugar and that
just exfoliates and moisturizes all at
once so that's it for this top 5 Tuesday
I hope you enjoyed the top 5 effective
facial cleansers that you can find in
your kitchen
hi everyone thanks for watching my video
if you liked it give it a thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe